okay that should be recording I think I
Chris credits which I first encountered
back when back when Dan Floyd was
putting it out just under his own name
on a YouTube and screw attack uh I think
it's one of the most vital Gaming shows
that's on the web today you know it's a
great place to get you know people who
are both fans and developers making this
show so that they can you know comment
on what's going on you get a better
perspective than you get from shows that
are only coming from fans or that are
only coming from the development side
you know it's it's a well-produced
well-put-together operation I i think
you know Dan Dan's you know unique vocal
presentation and the fact that he's you
know really you know even with the
altered voice um he's very well-spoken
and he presents it in such a great job
you know conversational way it's almost
like you know like a really good like
grade school English teacher or
something you know the sort of person
that you go and it's like you know well
man I didn't give a about
Shakespeare but now you know I totally
get this it's a great conversational
tone that I think makes a lot of the
difference in between just so many of
these shows myself included honestly can
come off sounding like a lecture and
extra credits very seldom does and I
think he deserves a lot of credit for
that same thing with James James is an
interesting dude isn't he James is
interesting do that I'm you know when
you see someone animated as a character
sometimes on like a web video and you
think it's like this person is probably
not as interesting as they're being
presented here and then you know I run
into James at the idg see we met in
person and I said like wow this is the
actual guy this because you hear you
hear about James and the
in the gaming community you know people
say it's like oh man you know this dudes
like he's like David Bowie of like you
know game designers he'll sweeps into a
room and gets you know everyone's eyes
on him and I'm like guys like oh come on
you know I was like wow this is really
that dude this is he's a trip man he's
got this like you know Zen master you
know whirlwind video game teacher thing
going on and it said it's he's got a
unique energy I think anyone who can do
that kind of you know art about getting
all that original artwork that has a
real unique look to it out there onto
the show is another thing that really
makes all the difference you know you
have a couple clips and videos and
pictures where you need them but they
have this consistent art style and
somebody's putting these things together
it just gives it a character you know if
you watch enough of them you see
recurring motifs and recurring you know
the little monsters representing things
it's almost I would I would compare it
to like political cartooning except it
doesn't suck I I get a professional
jealousy I think I get a whole lot I
mean there's you know my in as much as
my career as the game overthinker in
addition to the shows that I do for the
escapist is very often you know when I
want to talk about some related to video
games and either of those shows the
first thing to do is you know to look
and see if extra credits had anything to
say about the matter and then if they
did immediately throwing out everything
that you were going to say because
they've probably already covered it or
did it better than you can which so you
know obviously no I have as a fan you
know love it to death I get a lot of
information out of it but I'd be lying
if I didn't say that a lot of times my
viewing of it you know ends with a lot
of like oh god how are they so good you
know now I I can't do that now because
they pretty much made it redundant
I guess it is devil ada and I'm sure I
won't be the oh I might be the only
person to say that I'm sure I'm not the
only person thinking it you know that I
i I'm in awe and deep envy of just how
good a job they do episode to episode
the interruption of I supposed to say
Who I am hey this is movie Bob a hold on
who am I talking to this is pax this is
that the crowd attacks what's up PAX
East this is bob chapman movie bomb the
game overthinker saying hello that's
that's about right sure thing well I'm
really honored that extra credits wanted
me to say something on their
presentation here they do a great show
and jeez thanks guys thanks for inviting
me along means a lot I think that's
pretty good ok I'll kill out the video
right now all right